all right. Appreciate your nobody. I just 1416 in 1666. How long have you been in?
Dc. 4 years for you. Does Dc.
Amazon language. Yeah. can you tell us, Am I from? Where did Job move from?
Is there like a difference there from they're from here Dc.
And Maryland got their own sling. but if you from out of town, then we would know that you, from wherever you, how you speak, what are words that are pacific for? Dc.
Give me some worries that are pacific for dancing moe.
Bob. Q. what do I mean when you say it like you're agreeing with something mo is like if they don't know your name, they call you?
But oh, Bob, the what else is that the oath it's hard, because you're not in a real conversation. you say it's hard because you're not in real power.
So yeah, like i'll talk to someone so what about like What are can you remember words like when you first moved to Dc.
When you were younger as opposed to Now are there words that you don't use anymore.
Yeah, like swag we don't use sweat anymore.
Way. Yeah, we is. we use for a fresh wisdom. will murder, and Dc: kind of got the same slang.
So, most of you know, because when we and Maryland is like the same, but a little different, No, definitely.
Yeah, it's a little different. how people act or I mean these people at Crazy.
They act like more aggressive. In Maryland, Maryland people were cool with each other.
We just 2. it'll be you know We could go outside and play basketball in Dc.
They can't do that because most times a lot of dues sitting around a lot of corners, and and they also each child rob you if they see you with a fresh pair of shoes or something like that Yes, in order to what
is it that you? so you move from Merle into Dc.
What is it that you miss from Berlin that they don't have here in Dc.
Or whatever to get. What is it that you love about? Busy in Maryland?
We used to walk to a rat, and everybody was friends with everybody.
No game claiming or anything. You play basketball and in Dc.
We don't go nowhere, we just send the house because it's a lot of shootings is a lot of gang claiming.
If you claim a game, then there beat you up, or something like that.
Dc. We really don't like dc I don't like Dc.
I just stayed to myself. Only thing I love about Dc.
Is, let's see, going to school and get my education most likely any education.
So the school system is very different. Yeah, well, degraded system, like is a deed most likely like A. D.
Would have to be like a 63 in in Maryland, or Ds.
Of 60. So you take 3 points all from I will end so.
What they see like what is like, do you? because your family traditions change since you moved from rural into Dc.
No, not really. They'll do the same os team up so like I? Are you real cool like with your parents and everything?
What is it that child love about you know what i'm saying a young or twins right?
Yes, how is that? is it's Okay, is it cool like Sometimes we all have finished one level conversations, or you know what the person's thinking.
We're not thinking movie Sometimes they say the same thing at the same time, don't worry to it.
If A. you play any sports or anything, so do you like. Dc.
Is our what you like about, and I like the school system school system like I go.
Your friends are y'all still friends like The French I had over that you have any meet new friends here?
Yes, is that clear? how difficult is that it's not different you gotta pick the ones you want to be around with.
Yeah, like we want to be around more successful people who want who want to encourage you to do what you want to do and not bring you down.
And that's when you come across you know people who smith and you're doing good, too, and that's when you come across people who you know when you're not from Brown you know they didn't see you and you like
kind of knew whatever that's when they got to deal with all have you ever gotten an altercation?
And Dz: Yeah, it happened this year. is you have to, you know.
Was it what happened? It was coming from gallery, these 2 girls I saw, saw this girl that was with us, and then some boys with them in the was about to fight.
One of the boys was talking about me to his friend and they said, well heard, I claim, I said.
I don't claim a hood indeed, they tried to try to fight me, so I walked off with me, booked off.
Then they followed us, one to one child. Punch and I slipped, and they both took.
My ship. It's messed up is that like that's what they do. you know that's it? That's what bullies do.
They try and take it bad it's a thing they get though that's crazy.
So let me actually this is my does, you know? Tell me about mumbo sauce.
What you know about Mumbo sauce like i'm from out of town.
I don't know like somebody say, bubble so like what is muffles off most of the sauce you could put on anything Basically, your chicken and Fries.
Yeah, you give them the carry y'all and you just put on ticking the fries and make it taste good.
But certain curios might be nice. Yeah, my head catch you.
You ever go to a certain place to get to place multiple songs?
What do you think? A Okay, it could be Catch up and ?
I don't know what's inside of it he's probably his ketchup, because most likely this party is ketchup duck sauce.
It's pretty good, pretty good, you like what other foods like. Is there a other thing that any food wise?
If you Dc. We say it's like mumbo so no, not really.
It's just mumble sauce it's but about Gogo.
Oh, Gosh was 10 and i'll say you're right on down. but I don't use to play a lot of Google.
He still do. but from older people we do hear like older versions.
Now that they play, is it different, like? What is the guy like, or some of actually what is going?
What is it? a yeah, specifically I don't really know because I don't like go to all like that to me there's just so much nobody to one of them.
It is different because we have music today, and we remix it up and put a lot of beasts to it.
But still the same beat you is like the every Google song had to me.
So do you think there's like no is there any difference in the pans, or whatever.
Yes, we is new bands now to have new things they have experienced.
Old bands is so boring and old. What about, you know?
Like What do y'all think of I can jerry he's like?
What do you think of as far as going to college? and how do you see your future?
I see myself. playing basketball in college. I like basketball like a lot.
I I want to be a pediatric surgeon.
I plan on going to school in V. being successful making money in college.
I see me playing basketball and football because I really want to be a football player, but I can't make it to football.
I really want to be a basketball player.
So really, I hope I can make it in that field, and be really, really successful and share my life with other little kids.
When I get older to me I see myself in college football because I like to play football and is more action.
So me. What do you What is it that you that you're doing now?
To to make that happen like make you dream like what steps are are you taking.
Oh, you can't be taking to make that the possibility stay focused in school.
Don't be a don't be around a lot of people that are gonna bring me down or talk about me. There's even if they talk about me.
Just stay focused this work out and be successful in everything you do? Don't never give up on something. So it's like, what do you think is like the biggest problem with the school.
System like, what would you all change like? What would job I could be like?
Okay, have you changed this? It will be a lot better. Lunch Lunch is nasty.
A fighting of it is because michelle obama was she making us eat healthy, and we're going to choose a way in China.
Be healthy, but they don't look healthy it is the nasty.
Well either way, my opinion. but she shouldn't have changed it because either you either way in school you if you eat healthy when they go home they don't eat whatever they want to go and eat, some people don't eat in school either I
don't know. some people that they don't want to care about eating in school, because they know they're gonna go home and hear what they want.
So it's not going really change because you want to eat breakfast and like in school.
So it's really not gonna make you skinnier or fatter good about woman.
What? what would make schools safer like? What could be done to make schools safer for any student, any nationality. They can dress the way they want to dress. They can.
Do you know what I mean? What do you think makes schools sacred I don't know, because people a lot of people have hatred.
They hate on you, and they want the stuff that you want to be honest.
I don't know I don't within school going to be any safer.
We could it's still going to be her gangs because people coming up now they they're gonna get it from their dad or get it from the people that surround them.
So I don't know. school really gonna be safe. the children. other keys going up now and Dave, because we have young kids learning from the older kids.
So I mean you pick up the habits no breaking it so y'all like Oh, so you 2 are nascar.
So you have metals. So yeah, like do you go through some of the same that they've experienced. But do you understand?
That's a possibility as you move for how to deal with it.
So about like, do teachers like like our teachers really good I mean who's your favorite teacher?
My favorite teacher is I don't have a favorite teacher I don't like no teachers.
Yeah, i'm wondering that I want to I really don't have no favorite teachers, but either way, either way I don't have no favorite teacher.
I just stay focused and make sure I do all my work and get good grades to me.
It's not about having a favorite teacher but to me is about you'll again your work done getting your grades done doing any any and everything to get you to the next grade or get you to that step forward in life is like how do
you learn? Why do you retain information like? Do you read something?
Do you get it just like that, or someone has to say it to you?
Understand. I take notes when I take notes it's easier because I don't have to study. Take the notes, and it's easy for me to comfort him, because I just read it while i'm going well me person, I just think because
if they want fun, helping me and showing me steps steps and steps.
I don't think I could do it without what about you me. I do use my notes, and if I don't understand some Max T-shirt help me better understand that they don't need help with what's your my water places
that have you guys traveled a lot like where are the places I'm Young.
I checked with a lot because of Chile, and I traveled to Dallas, Indiana.
When I went it was very cold, but felt different in a different environment.
Can you say You've been to dallas and worlds Indiana, Philly Florida!
Wow! that's awesome, I know yeah how do you like y'all like going to see us to do that the awesome most time we don't go because mommy the only one will go because they got the money to get down and they
don't want to waste a lot of money for all of us to go down Dallas or Philadelphia, or something like that.
I love to support my sister. Only thing I hate is dead.
Some people liking her basketball game I don't like watching them.
Just give up. Will not other people I care workers positive They play They're not really that good sort of our life, You know.
You have a dog, he's aggressive please was that as far as I had a job.
How long you edge it out. I like to like like these 10 been a long time.
What do you love about it, though? like? Was you excited when you got first got it? Well, we first got it, John.
No. was it a surprise? Well, my dad came to do, and I was the first one right?
Then I looked through and I was happy he had the Lord dog and That's my little army, because he's channeled with me of the crowd, and me to take him outside he's smart let's see they were Sam new things
like that. what's the like? the greatest thing of all having a dog like there's sometimes like, if you buy yourself, and you're down, or something like. Does he come to say anything sometimes sometimes when i'm in the house by myself some
taxes out as sometimes acting. If somebody probably come in here, bring me the first one to give me the note that somebody come in here because we need bar.
Maybe he alert You Yeah, he has learned me, had over be guessing.
Get somewhere safe. You might watch it about like why don't cause he's small.
He's not a big dog like a lot of dogs and he really don't bite.
So that was interesting. you said, Feel safe. So you like around here.
Do you feel as a he said. No, Why, is that definitely because I don't like what time from practice I had to take the tram, and I had to walk home and I washed my back and see if nobody be around me I had
to go walk by myself walking up here about so so like as I say, because somebody could, just especially on Well, I don't like reason why I like this neighborhood, because, like we mostly got like a lot of designers and designer clothes and stuff like
that we're not designed clothes, but clothes that a lot of people like worn like?
How do you answer and all that type stuff when they say they might chat a robust or something like that?
That's why I don't really feel safe touching the train, or walking home by myself.
So the thing like you think eventually, you know, Eventually, I hope the giant are moving back.
Yeah, the reason why I like murdering better because moses is like we could go outside and play basketball. don't have to have no problems with nobody around us doing so dumb What about What about you?
Know. What do you? What do you love about your problem? The help me stuff You play sports with me.
They play games together, and he gave me that like some of his old shoes, and you can't fit anymore.
What do you learn about your system? I love my sister very hard.
I love that. she helped me in school. She cares about me.
She really loved me. she just you even sometimes, when I feel like I don't want to do the work no more.
She still pushed me to that them to do the work even if I get mad at her.
She's still helping. What about you what do you know about I love my brothers because they find they always played a game on that, and I just watched them argue.
Is funny. Oh, my brother is Kimi motivated.
I encourage my brother to do better. Then people out here I want to see them do better, and that is, stay in a small shale.
Go out and accomplish what you want to accomplish.
I love my brothers because this is there for me like nobody else ever being with my brothers than anybody else. I don't care who they are.
I just rather be with my brothers because I feel safe around them, and we trust each other.
What does on fleet man, on fleet wings like if you get just got something done, then is cute, always perfect or slash.
So use it in a sense, and you use it in a set.
Your shoes is on a fleet. Your shoes is all place.
So that major issues are type. Yeah, Well, boys, don't say that girls Oh, girls, thankfully, yeah, like they just got their eyebrows done like my eyebrows on Fleet.
They perfect A. and I had to say i'm on the lantern.
But, in other words, what is logic? lunch, and you acting crazy?
You luncheon like, Yeah, we know what the mean is or we don't have a real definition.
We just know, because it can be a class or anything. Yeah. or like, you see somebody chipping out middle of the street, or something, because they offer drug or someday chirping or the election.
No. Ok, what are your favorite sports? I like to play basketball.
The game plays sports, play with my brothers and sister. just have fun.
Shallow. I see a video games in there. So what games I like to play.
My favorite game of plays. 2 a 16 well, 2 K.
Because man is not like too, Kay, because Mad is going to have all that to maximum rear.
Things like that. There's really going to hide me up to play that game?
What about you? Yes, go right Ok. 16 smaller funds like mad. And I don't have a purpose of a planet for a long time, and I may.
So they are like competing against each other in the game Oh, yeah, i'll use the play together, most likely I like to play with my brother, because I just like the family.
My brother, even though we have our ups and down what's the game in all these, all 3 of you all ever competed against each other.
I remember one time we played three-point contests on Nba, and we played bowling the boxing game on the week and a boxing game when a week What else?
It was that Gammy had on the 360 crash.
Course. Yeah, Christ crash course. Who was the best 3 point Gods who did?
I had to pick a favorite player or something. No, we just took whoever.
Oh, yes, land done, but I remember that would beat me moment.
So you So you play basketball right? Yes, so.
So when you was name it all in places that's where you played basketball?
No I too so like what you're like like what's what makes you you what makes you you i'm too?
I'm not the type of person to start drama. I get irritated fast, so I hate when people touch me A.
I mostly just stay on my phone. be the state to myself.
I make a lot of friends, but I watch who my friends are.
Only have 4 friends, 2 best friends, and 2 of my girls.
That's it on the i'm just too i'm a cool person to hang with.
I'm funny and goofy that's it what my what makes me mean.
I say, what makes me me is my dad most like because when I see where I see him, too.
How you treat my mom. It it made me be like my dad and be a be a man like him.
When I got older I'm. A. chilled chill person, unlike the fire to be cool with a lot of people. number of my little problem made me, me, too, because or both of my family B me because they really it really needs come to me in my
life. What makes me me is playing football because that's something I like to do.
I like playing with my brothers and sister. They We always have fun like great new people.
I like to be cool with everybody and like states myself sometimes it's all styling your trauma.
So how do you like? How do y'all view the world from your perspective on who I see the images on Tv, or whatever?
How do you view the world? How do you see the world?
I say. sometimes this word is washed up. it is flow.
We some people data cards. They just see what they want to do, and they do it.
Some people see what they want, and they get it they don't save up date is like spending that's how some people are becoming poor because they spin a lot, and they this sea.
What they but see what famous people had when they wanted and that's not their worst.
A some people Sometimes this world is jealous of people because of what they have, and they just shoot and kill, and stuff.
That's how, while we have violence going on now is because hatred, I see the word is because hate you, too, because they wouldn't see somebody with fancy clothes.
Fancy cars try to take it for all of you.
And what made me mad about that because they don't try to go out there and get it their sophomore or off work.
I said it was crazy because we got people killing each other and people robbing each other, stealing from each other.
Fire so from each other by me you read about that. How do you see light? light?
How do you see, like as a young black female? How do you see you?
How do you do you? How do you feel like when you're out in about?
I feel like I have to stay cautious. because you don't know what's going on you can get we?
I could get kidnapped stuff like that that's Why, I stay around with a bunch of people if i'm by myself.
I keep my phone on me, and this day around and look around sometimes I don't feel safe.
Do you feel like you get treated differently because my dear, whatever case may be definitely.
Oh, to do you feel like you'd be treated differently because you're a black people.
Oh, I haven't experienced feeling differently from other people you have experienced racism before.
No, not really. Meanwhile, other than experienced racism needle.
And what is racism may need Late Queen. Okay, like racism to me is like when I when okay, when a person, not my color, do something.
They get away with it. but if I do something, but in a good way I get mistreated by a higher person like the police.
You consider at least a higher person? No, not really. It is.
Have the law by their side. What about you? Well, I kind of say, I guess racism is how show you Why, Martin got killed just because he had a hoodie on just because he was black.
He thought he was trying to rob something for no reason. just cause you had a husband, and just like doing the police.
Also portal A black person just beat them up for no reason like they feel black people is a threat to them.
That's what I think for us racism is Why don't you? I see racism? that racism is like a person like a different color from that person.
Say that like they're still like there on amen yeah like to start calling them names.
Not that? How do you feel like when you are? Did ya know, like the big deal behind Barack Obama being elected President? Did you know?
Was it like? When did you know it was a big deal?
I never knew it was a big deal, but and know that people wanted Obama in a chair because he was black, and he will take up up for us black people, and he will help us desperate same thing like but and to me, I thought
Well, Obama, I think he did but help us. Yeah, you think he helped?
What about you? I say now he dare some people, or like mostly so people.
He helped them succeed life. So What right where are the places that all of y'all had to get ocean City, Virginia Beach, Florida!
What's the difference between Virginia beach? where we have one of for the flow of the bass?
Thought Why was forward to that? Because we had a hotel.
We went to the pool. Say, my family, Yeah, we had a good help.
The cookout. what about? And we all, everybody to a game, all you all together Tell me why I should be a wizard fight.
Go acting you should be a was a fan, because to me, acting later, they could be our best, the best team in the world.
They they knew another small 4 to hoped them out and like I hope when Katie becomes a free agency.
Hope you've gone to the dc book i'll bus out.
There's nobody Have experienced. small, food that really could take us to a championship good, and we had 2 great leaders, John Wall and Bradleyville.
I think they encouraged the team to do better we have a new rookie camel O'brien.
He good? A. I like him because he looks strong. He looks like he wants to kill the team to the playoffs and win for the first time in a long time.
We have auto porter. He: Okay, we have name a big cell.
Ti. We have sessions. He cooled his good secondary point. guard.
How about it? Lots of that you don't like the wizard Watch it up.
Why is it some idea of Wizard? for? because there everything they say pretty much.
So okay. So how was that experience? though? when you all went to the game it was cool.
I like sampling my my favorite place. Yeah, it was cool, but I wish it was a better team of doing or magic, because I would want to see and play harder.
What about you said early about Katie to Kd.
To Dc. Kevin to right. What do you know?
How would that be if he came that'll be the bass He said that would be the bad.